Target the same Postgres db for LSIF data. (#5935)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/code_intelligence/lsif.md

LSIF code intelligence will be out-of-sync when you're viewing a file that has changed since the LSIF data was uploaded. You can mitigate this by setting up a periodic job that generates and uploads LSIF for the tip of your default branch (e.g. master) daily. Improvements to this are planned for Sourcegraph 3.9.

> ## Performance issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Warning about uploading too much data
```

Global find-references is a resource-intensive operation that's sensitive to the number of packages for which you have uploaded LSIF data into your Sourcegraph instance. Improvements to this are planned for Sourcegraph 3.10 (see the [RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VZB0Y4tWKeOUN1JvdDgo4LHwQn875MPOI9xztzqoSRc/edit#)).

> In the meantime, we recommend not uploading more than a few dozen LSIF dumps to your Sourcegraph instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not upload more than 10-40 LSIF dumps to Sourcegraph instance or you risk harming other parts of Sourcegraph. We are working to validate its perform at scale and remove this concern.**
```

> **Do not upload more than 10-40 LSIF dumps to Sourcegraph instance or you risk harming other parts of Sourcegraph. We are working to validate its perform at scale and remove this concern.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not upload more than 10-40 LSIF dumps to Sourcegraph instance or you risk harming other parts of Sourcegraph. We are working to validate its performance at scale and eliminate this concern.**
```
